Mute 1 
Dude! Muting me? I wanted to tell you a story!

Mute 2
You know I work hard on the tutorials?

Mute 3
Alright, Mr. Know It All! If you don't need a tutorial or
 any tutorials you will just play on the hardest difficulty! "I" can will gladly do that!!!!!!!

Night 3

hello uhh Hello-jello!

I believe this is the last day of your internship... I hope you had fun soo uhh

As any game the last level uhhh will be most uhh hard...

SO uhhh... I am very happy you decided not to skip this tutorial or uhh
any other tutorial I have worked a lot on them

so uhh... I need to cover uhh the last OP today... uh... 

brush... yeah uhh... so brush will usually come with Lightnate from the right... but uhh...
I gave him a screwdriver just for fun so uhh... 
he will crawl under your office to your uhh left side of the screen...
So uhh... listen for any sounds I guess.

*Munching*

Anyway umm... Yeah thanks for playing our game and uh... 
*Munching* good luck for the rest of the night... 

*mumbling*

*to the back*
Yeah it tastes great doesn't it?

*back to the mic*
So uhh yeah... Good thing you hopefully skipped
 no of my tutorials I worked hard on them... so uhh...

I would get mad if you did so... uhh thanks...

*mumbling*

Oh yeah... If you skipped all of my dialogues I would turn on hard mode for you...

Uhh... if you want to challenge yourself *Munching* you can uhh... create... uh...

a new game... and uhh... skip all my dialogues I guess...

I will not remember that so don't mind if I get a bit mad...

Uhh farewell... 

Shitpost 1:

Oh want to listen to my story and not tutorial?
Oh well... Uhh... I didn't indend for that... 

Well... Uhh...

It was late. I was sitting on the computer and I was playing. Then I saw from nowhere a figure in the corner of my room
He had a white hoodie soaked in blood, black: trousers, sneakers and hair, his skin was white as a wall and he had 
blue eyes which were covered in black also he had a cut everlasting smile. He was holding a knife in his hand.

He said "Sweetheart, why are you not sleeping. It is Late, let me put you to sleep." Then I started running and he
said again "ohh I understand now You want to play a bit, fine then let's play hide'n Seek. 10. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. 
ready or not here I come", what was next he found me in the garden, when he caught me he hugged me greatly, holding my hands
and he was cutting my throat slowly saying "Go To Sleep!"

What? Expected me to not copy the... Story? Well... I know that!
I am just not going to! I hope you enjoyed your Jeff The Killer Recital!

Goodbye! Mr Know It All!

Shitpost 2:

Oh want to listen to my story and not tutorial?
Oh well... Uhh... I didn't indend for that... 

Well... Uhh...

... Spoiler alert I guess?

Long ago in a bedroom  there was this kid named Jake... Uh...
Jake had a... Dad... Uh... 

Well... Once... His dad entered his umm room and uhh Jake was singing like uhh...
"If you're happy... Let's do it... We will both ride it... My pony" and uhh...

Jake's dad was uhh concerned and asked what happened. jake answered that he is back!

Mr Dad looks at the closet and it says "It's time to have some fun"!

When he left Jake in the room the closet opened and said "It's me Handsome." 

Jake started singing again as a creature looks at him from the closet.

The music gets louder and the Creatures neck extends a bit from
the closet and he smiles with a wide grin.

Then uhh the kid sits on the uhh bed and the creature comes out from the closet.
The kid says "Twerk, Twerk, Twerk Twerk"
The creature grabs Jake by the chin and says "Sweet Child, If I don't have a beat, I can't dance and if I can't dance
I'm not having any fun, and when I'm not having any fun. No one is having fun"

He says sadly "So please, lay down the beat for me".

Jake starts to chant "Twerk".

Some epic techno music beggins to play and The creature beggins to dance wildly.

The doors open and uh Mr Dad comes. He says that he got Jake and Himself some
 offbrand soda for 89 cents for 2 liters and if he wants some.

Jake glances at the closet where the creature is sitting in. The creature stares back.
Jake says sadly that he can't and has to lay down a beat.
His dad assumes it is for an imaginary friend and leaves sadly.

The creature continues to dance to the techno beat.
Jake has a camera under his pillow and was recording Uncle Samsonite.

It is halloween now and Jakes dad is getting ready to trick or treat with his Son.

In Jakes room Jake is wearing a costume it is uhh... Ginuwine... yeah let's go with Ginuwine.
Ehh Samsonite tells him to collect some treats.

So uhh... Later Mr Dad and Jake go up to a door and uhh a guy opens it. When he looks at Jake
Uhh he gets flashbacks and uhh... tells him to get out of here... He slams the doors.

After Uhh they come back and Jake goes to bed, his dad does research at his laptop.

He sees a video of some kid dressed up as the Creature and the uhh name of the video saying 
"Uncle Sam". The kid in the video says the same things as what was on the closet just adding,
"Uncle Samsonite" to it's end... uh... 

Uncle Samsonite is now in Jake's room dancing on top of his bed. Mr. Dad uhh interupts him and says
that he is going to a library...

When Mr. Dad is in the uhh... library and is reading a book, He finds uhh Cthulhu, Shrek
and finally Uncle Samsonite... he uhh... reads... the book and the names of the haunted uhh autors...

When Mr.Dad comes back to uhh Jakes room he finds no one... except a camera on his pillow...

When he picks it up, Samsonite is behind him and when he stops it so Samsonite is uhh in the clear Samsonite just
moves towards it and uhh Mr. Dad passes out... uhh when he wakes up he watches the video and...

uh... Jake is uhh saying that he is staying at his friends house. He says that they will be watching movies and drinking
copious ammounts of uhh Mountain Dew? Jakes Dad knows that it is not real Jake and asks Sam what has he done with him.

Jakes body falls on the floor and Samsonite appears in the frame and says that "He has simply taken him to the
Domain Of Uncle Samsonite".

Mr Dad decides to go into Jakes closet and take out christmas lights... He asks the lights "Jake are you here?"

The lights flicker. He decides to put the lights on the closet with letters under when he asks where is jake the lights say
"in the closet" when his dad asks what to do the lights say "Ride it". Samsonite opens the closet and smiles wildly

Jakes dad is sucked inside. He stand up in some... dark place with green and purple lighting. On the walls there are uhh...
Doors and when Jakes dad opens them he is comes out of closets, drawers and from under the beds.

He finally finds Jake passed out on the uhh... Bed. He wakes him up by pouring some off brand soda into his uhh mouth...

When Jake wakes up he thinks his dad Is Uncle Samsonite and beggins to chant very scared
"Twerk". Then Uncle Samsonite appears with his music and beggins to chase Mr Dad.

He escapes throught the doors appearing back in Jakes room. He can't get back to the domain for Jake.

An FBI agent comes and talks to Mr Dad. Mr Dad says that Jake was kidnapped by a demon.
The agent believes him and gives Mr Dad a note when he says he will do anything to get Jake back.
The note says "Jump on it", the agent takes off his glasses and his head becomes one of the Smiling Sam.

The dad passes out and uhh... and when he wakes up he goes to the man who slammed the door in Jake's face.
He tells him that he knows about Uncle Samsonite. The man tries to close the door but Jakes dad says that he
has his son. He lets him enter. The man asks Mr Dad how did he find him.

Jake's Dad says that from the video he watched. He asks him did he see how far the transformation wenta and says that Sam,
can't survive in our would for more than a decade so he needs a new host.

The Dad asks how did he escape. The man said he had a friend... They both decide to visit him. It is a joyful guy,
his name is Steve, he is an president of the third largest Ginuwine fanclub in Ohio.

Jake's Dad is not very convinced by him defeating Uncle Samsonite and does not seem to like him.

Well until Steve does not pour them a glass of Offbrand soda. Jakes Dad gets more happy and interrested by him.

The man says that Steve rescued him by playing a phat beat which Samsonite can't refuse a dance battle to.

Then Steve proceeds to bust a move on them with a phat beat he has began to play.

They all have a sleep over in Jakes bedroom. They store on offbrand soda and a music player.
They come up with uhh a plan. They have to lure Sam, Distract Samsonite with Steve's dance moves, Mr Dad has to
enter Sam's domain and save Jake.

Samsonite arrives allured by the sleepover. When they notice him Steve pops out from under the pillow fort they have made.

He turns on the phat beat and beggins to dance.

Samsonite sensing a dance battle smiles and beggins to dance wildly...

They have a dance off and Mr Dad sneaks into Samsonites domain.

When Jakes dad enters his domain and forces Jake to drink a bottle of offbrand soda he wakes up.

They both leave the domain to Jakes bedroom where the dance battle still rages on.

The man helps Steve dance. The man accidentally knocks over the music player and the music stops playing.

Smiling Sam attacks them both and knocks them out cold. He turns to Jake and his dad.

His dad in panic grabs a bottle of offbrand soda and shields himself with it. 

Samsonite at the sight of the bottle roars and backs off.

Jakes dad pushes Samsonite away towards the closet.

Jakes dad smiles and cherrishes the bottle, but Samsonite pulls him inside the domain. They beggin to fall. 

Jakes dad grabs the bottle and lands on the falling giant Uncle Samsonite.

Mr Dad stabs Samsonite in the uhh... heart with the bottle and Samsonite roars...

Well after that uhh Jake's Dad is reading Jake a bedtime story... Jake asks him how did he escape

His dad says he has his ways... later when he drinks offbrand soda he can't injest it and spits it out into the sink.

When he looks in the mirror his head turns into Uncle Samsonite's.

So yeah uhh... the story...

It was pretty long but uhh... You really deserved having your time uhh... wasted on it for just uhhh... not listening to any of my tutorials...

At least you didn't press mute again, Mr Know It All... I would have given you a bad time*a bit of megalovania starts to play*










